# TuringStore

This project contains a set of Express.js REST APIs which are intented to serve as the backend of an online shopping store.

## Installation

Use the package manager [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) to install all the requirements.

```bash
npm install 
```

##Project structure

The `app.js` file is responsible for setting the enviromment, port and main app configurations and sequalize models associations.

The rest project files are divided into the following directories:

####Controllers
Contains  the controller files. The controller files contain the logic to handle the requests for a particle api section. e.g.  `products.js` handles all `/products` route api endpoint requests.

####Routes
Contains  the project routing files. The routes files direct the requests to the relevent controllers in the controllers directory. e.g.  `products.js` redirects requests to relevent controller function in `controllers/products.js` route file.

####Models
Contains the sequalize model definitions of the various models used in the project. 

####Middleware
Contains the validation middlewares to valide the requests before they reach the controllers. They are called in the various routes files.Apart from a validates for each controller eg. `productsvalidator` for product controller there's a `is-auth` validator middleware used in routes to ensure only authenticated users can access some end points.

####Logs
Contains the logs generated by winston

####Test
Contains files for each group of files eg. `customers` to run the superuser api tests. 


## API Reference
All endpoints, inputs, and outputs are exactly as per [this](https://backendapi.turing.com/docs/) swagger documentation. 


## Usage

To  use this backend in production the following environment variables need to be set:

```bash

        "USERNAME": Mysql database username,
        "PASSWORD": Mysql database password,
        "DATABASE": Mysql database name,
        "HOST": Mysql database host,
        "FACEBOOKCLIENTID": Facebook Client Id (For FB Login),
        "FACEBOOKCLIENTSECRET": Facebook Client Seckert (For FB Login),
        "JWTSECRETKEY": To encrypt JWT Tokens,
        "STRIPEKEY": Stripe Key to take payments

```

With these in place we can start the prod server with:

```bash
npm start
```

The dev environment variables can be set in the file nodemon.json in root directory of this project. The dev server can be run by the command:
```bash
npm run startdev
```